Add missing development server instructions (#1154)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/install_ez_platform.md

    To make use of [Link Manager](../guide/url_management.md), you need to [set up cron](../guide/url_management.md#enable-automatic-url-validation).

## Use PHPs built-in server

> For development you can use built-in PHP SAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development you can use the built-in PHP server.
```
A bit clearer without the acronym

```bash
php -S 127.0.0.1:8000 -t public
```

> Your PHP webserver will be accessible at http://127.0.0.1:8000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your PHP web server will be accessible at `http://127.0.0.1:8000`
```
